docs: update kong mesh changelog (#5077)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/mesh/changelog.md

no_version: true
---

## 2.1.0

### Upgrading

> - `KMESH_ACCESS_RBAC_DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE_USERS` only works on fresh installations, if you want to add an admin user to an already running installation you need to do it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `KMESH_ACCESS_RBAC_DEFAULT_ADMIN_ROLE_USERS` only works on fresh installations. If you want to add an admin user to an installation that is already running, you must do it manually.
```
